h1. MinimizeToTray revived (MinTrayR)

bq. Mozilla extension: Minimize windows into the system tray

h2. Description

MinTrayR is a replacement for the popular MinimizeToTray extension which is no longer actively developed. MinimizeToTray is claimed by the author not compatible with Firefox 3.5 and other Mozilla 1.9 applications. MinTrayR tries to fill this gap by especially targetting these applications.

MinTrayR lets the user minimize Mozilla powered applications such as Firefox, Thunderbird or Songbird to the system tray.

It's goal is to be more robust while using less resources and providing a better API (DOM Events for example instead of a callback).

h2. Compatiblity

The trayToolkit core is compatible with mozilla-1.9.2 and mozilla-2.0.

Application integration:

* Firefox: 3.6 - 4.0
* Thunderbird: 3.1 - 3.2
* Seamonkey: 2.0 - 2.1
* Instantbird: 0.2

h2. License

MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1. See LICENSE file for specifics.

h2. Building

MinTrayR uses the mozilla-build-system and can currently build within mozilla-central.

# Grab the mozilla source
#* @$ hg clone https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central@
# Grab the mintryr source
#* @$ cd mozilla-central/extensions && git clone git://github.com/nmaier/mintrayr.git@
# "Configure your mozconfig":https://developer.mozilla.org/en/configuring_build_options . Make sure to include @ac_add_options --enable-extensions=default,mintrayr@
# Build: @$ make -f client.mk@

The output, an installable XPI, should be in @$objdir/dist/xpi-stage@.
